# load-sharing-logistics
The paradigm of the world has shifted to mobile applications. The services that you need are at your fingertips because of the mobile applications which provide online access to the services you have. Several mobile applications like uber freight, ola are present to facilitate the freight service providers. The existing freight management system depends on the model of separating the users on the basis of fleet provider, normal user and one with the large number of vehicles called as freight provider. For a user to login to the system the user can easily enter his desired destination and send his or her belongings to that destination with the online reservation platform provided by the mobile application. Though the existing system is good but it has one limitation. The limitation of all the existing system is that they don’t monitor the load in the vehicle. In order to overcome this limitation, we propose a system which will monitor the load present in the vehicle in real time. We propose a cross platform mobile application which will work on all the available platform. The main aim of the proposed system is to monitor the load present in the truck. The proposed system will use the web applicaton in the load bearing part of the truck and the total volume as well as the available space in the truck will be continuously monitored and notified to the user who wants to send the load. We will also take into consideration the density of the material so that if the user wants to add a new load the existing load won’t be affected. The path of the truck will also be monitored from origin to destination. The proposed method will develop an application for continuous monitoring of the load in the truck. The main application of the system is use in freight management system for monitoring the load of the vehicle and notifying the users whether the space is available for the vehicle to carry their loads..
.
